Let's look at the solution to Exercise 3 for Lesson 1,
where we're querying the atm visits topic.
We actually are going to query that topic,
and in this case we're going to select some data from
the atm visits and then we're going to send it back to another Kafka topic.
So we're going to start by creating a Spark session.
We've already imported the library,
and we're going to call the app name this atm visits.
Now, we're going to set the logging level,
now, we're going to read from the topic.
We're going to create a data frame from it.
We are going to call, atmVisitsRawstreamingDF,
then we're going to get that information from Spark.
We are going to say the format is Kafka because we're reading from Kafka,
and we're going to call the bootstrap server localhost port 9092,
and then we're going to call the subscribe option atm visits.
This needs to match your topic name you're reading from,
and we're going to tell it to read the oldest data,
which will still give us the newest as well, but we want both.
We're going to tell it to load.
Now, we're going to convert this from binary to string.
So we're going to call this one atmVisitStreamingDF,
and we're going to convert the raw one, VisitsRawStreamingDF.
We are going to call that selectExpr,
in here we're going to cast the key as a string.
We're going to call it transaction ID,
and then we're going to cast the value as a string as well.
That's the location of the transaction.
Now, I'm going to create a view from that data,
so I'm using the last data frame I created,
which is atmVisitsStreampingDF,
create or replace temp view and the view is called ATMVisits.
I'm going to query that view and the results of the query will
be another data frame called select star
atmVisitsSelectStarDF and my query is going to be just that select star from ATMVisits.
Then I'm going to send the results of that query back to Kafka.
So I take the data frame that I've got and I need to do another select expression on it.
I'm going to cast the transaction ID as a string and call it
key and I'm going to cast the location as a string and call it value.
Then I'm going to access the dot write stream
and the format will be Kafka because I'm sending it to a Kafka topic.
The option kafka.bootstrap.servers, is going to be
localhost port 9092 and then I'm going to call the topic,
this is the new topic that I'm sending data to.
I'm calling it atm visits updates and this is a new option that we need to use,
it's not optional even though it's called option.
If you're using Kafka to write to,
you have to give a folder to Spark to save
a temp file and it needs to be write accessible by the Spark workers.
So that's that folder and then I'm going to equate termination.
Save that.
Now, let's make sure Spark and Kafka are running, they are not,
so I'm clicking on "Start Kafka" and at the same time I'm
going to start Spark workspace/spark/sbin/start-master.sh,
and we're going to tail the log files,
tail -f and then the path.
This will watch the logs as they go by,
and I was watching for this Spark master URI,
so I'm copying that.
I'm going to "Control C'' out of the logs.
Homework/space/spark/sbin/start-slave. sh and point it to the master.
Now, let's go look at Kafka.
It's still starting up.
I'm going to do a ps-ef and I see Spark number 1, Spark number 2.
So Spark is green,
Kafka is up because we're down to a blinking cursor.
So now I'm going to run the script that I have for running
this particular Python application and it's called submit atm visits.
So I'm going to say home/workspace/submit /atm-visits.sh,
then we see it loading libraries,
and we see it starting up the Spark application,
and now we're just waiting for it to process.
So now I'm going to open up another terminal file, new terminal,
and I am going to go to the Kafka console consumer.
I'm passing the bootstrap server as local host and
then I'm going to say that topic is atm visit updates,
and then I'm going to say from beginning,
and we have the atm visit locations.
These are all the values that we're seeing in all over the world.
We have atm transactions.
This is how we read from Kafka,
transform some data, and write to a new Kafka topic.
I'm going to kill this Kafka console consumer because
I'm done looking at the data "Control C".
I'm going to kill this Spark application because I'm done running it. "Control C".